Getting started doc update (#836)
openziti/zrok: docs/getting-started.mdx

import DownloadCard from '@site/src/components/download-card';
import DownloadCardStyles from '@site/src/css/download-card.module.css';

## Share your network resources within minutes

Easily share private network resources with public internet users, securely, without having to alter any of your local network configuration.
You can share resource using [NetFoundry's cloud-hosted zrok](https://myzrok.io/),
or follow our [self-hosted guide](/docs/category/self-hosting/) to manage your own instance.

* Download the binary for your platform [here](https://github.com/openziti/zrok/releases/latest)
* Sign up for a myzrok.io account [here](https://myzrok.io/) to enable your personal share token
* Run `zrok enable <your_token>` to enable your shell environment for sharing
* Run `zrok share public localhost:8080` to start your first share!

![zrok share public](images/zrok_share_public.png)

Access your share from anywhere!

```
$ curl -s https://dslno640nct4.share.zrok.io | head

> <!DOCTYPE html>

Reviewer: The raw HTML strikes me as visual noise I'd rather not see.

Author: I think I'm feeling the same. It takes up too much space and detracts from a concise intro view.

<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
    <meta name="theme-color" content="#000000"/>
    <meta name="description" content="zrok ui"/>
    <link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com">
```

zrok provides several different share types, including:

> * [public shares](./concepts/sharing-public.mdx) for [web services](./concepts/http.md) or [files](./concepts/files.md)

Reviewer: It may make more sense to the reader for these public/private share links to point at the sections in the same doc that already cover these topics and have links like "more about ____" at the foot of each section that expand further on specific backend modes that are applicable to public and private shares, respectively.

As written, the sections about public and private shares in the same doc are skipped, and these links in the headers point to the separate concept docs that expand on the introductory sections here that were skipped.

Reviewer: Still, I've long thought this getting started doc is just too long, so maybe linking the existing sections can be improved by merging the public/private sharing sections with their separate concept docs. This would shorten the getting started doc and then it would make perfect sense for a cluster of links at the top to point to those public/private share concept docs.

* [private shares for web services or files](./concepts/sharing-private.mdx)
* [reserved shares](./concepts/sharing-reserved.md)

> * [tcpTunnel shares](./concepts/tunnels.md)

Reviewer: It makes sense to me to present specific backend modes in the context of the share types to which they apply, e.g., `tcpTunnel` is a private backend mode. That's how they're broken down in the separate private/public concept docs which serve as a summary and index of sharing modes with direct links to the docs that further expand on each, i.e., the private share concept doc has an index of applicable sharing modes that link to the most appropriate pages, like the tunnels concept doc.

Author: Part of why I wanted to present these right out front is that a very small percentage of users ever use anything beyond the public web proxy, and I'd like to see if we can immediately answer a user's question "can I host a TCP service with this?" Right now if you scan all topics within our docs, you can't find the answer to that, it's hidden in the private share documentation. I'm open to approach it differently but I'm hoping to make some of the more advanced features that zrok has more apparent so that users will pick them up and use them.

Reviewer: Yes, maybe we can surface those features, make them easier to discover. Maybe an FAQ or "How do I ____?" sidebar?

* [udpTunnel shares](./concepts/tunnels.md)
* [drives](./guides/drives.mdx)
* [vpn](./guides/vpn/vpn.md)

> ## Get an Account

Reviewer: I feel attached to the two choice cards for getting started. Getting an account seems like the correct first step. I added them because there wasn't a clear path to myzrok.io.

Author: I'll play with this a little bit more and shift the "sign up" instruction to be first in the list instead of second.

## Secure resource sharing made easy

<Columns className='text--center getting-started-cards'>
    <Column style={{paddingBottom: 20}}>
        <Card shadow='tl'>
            <CardHeader>
                <h3>Hosted zrok</h3>
            </CardHeader>
            <CardBody>
                Use NetFoundry's public zrok instance.
            </CardBody>
            <CardFooter>
                <a href="https://myzrok.io/">
                    <button className='button button--secondary button--block'>Get an Account</button>
                </a>
            </CardFooter>
        </Card>
    </Column>
    <Column style={{paddingBottom: 20}}>
        <Card shadow='tl'>
            <CardHeader>
                <h3>Self-Hosted zrok</h3>
            </CardHeader>
            <CardBody>
                Run a zrok instance on Linux, Docker, or Kubernetes.
            </CardBody>
            <CardFooter>
                <a href="/docs/category/self-hosting/">
                    <button className='button button--secondary button--block'>Guides</button>
                </a>
            </CardFooter>
        </Card>
    </Column>
</Columns>

> * Sign up for a hosted zrok account in the link above to enable your account token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sign up for a hosted zrok account in the link above to get your account token
```
"Enable your account token" is slightly misleading because they only need to obtain it, and we usually say "enable an environment" (with an account token).

> * Download the zrok binary for your platform [here](#installing-the-zrok-command)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Download the zrok binary](#installing-the-zrok-command).
```

Tiny little hyperlinks like "here" are challenging to touch on a mobile screen.

> * Run `zrok enable <your_account_token>` to enable your shell environment for sharing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run `zrok enable <your_account_token>` to activate your account in your user environment.
```

Maybe we shouldn't emphasize shell env since we're not technically setting any shell env vars, and we have GUI user experiences around the corner that will make managing zrok shares less terminal-centric.

> * Run `zrok share public localhost:8080` to start your first share!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run `zrok share public 8080` to start your first share!
```

The default target address is `127.0.0.1`, so we could shorten it like this if you want to minimize it visually.

Reviewer 2: i prefer the shorter version as it looks shorter and easier. i'd rather see it without the localhost nor with 127.0.0.1, personally

Author: The inferred 127.0.0.1 is a not-so-obvious feature. If someone wants to terminate on something other than localhost, now they already now how to do that.

Reviewer 2: people who want that know how to read the doc and know how to read the help. people who don't know this will be lost regardless. i'd prefer to keep it looking as small and sleek as possible

Reviewer 3: I agree with Clint on keeping it as small/sleek as possible

![zrok share public](images/zrok_share_public.png)

> The zrok public share is accessible from anywhere!

Reviewer: You could leave this out. No information would be lost since it's implied by "public" and reiterated in the following sentence.

> zrok shares can be public or private, with different options for backend modes, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
zrok shares can be public or private. Choose a backend mode depending on what you want to share, e.g., files vs. proxy.
```

`zrok` (*/ziːɹɒk/ ZEE-rock*) is a secure, open-source, self-hostable sharing platform that simplifies shielding and sharing network services or files.
There's a hardened zrok-as-a-service offering available at [myzrok.io](https://myzrok.io) with a generous free tier.

### Your First Share

1. Get an account token.

> <Columns className='text--center getting-started-cards'>

Reviewer: OL indent will also work here to visually organize each list item's stuff.

    </Column>
</Columns>

2. [Download the zrok binary](#installing-the-zrok-command)
3. Enable zrok for your [user environment](#enabling-your-zrok-environment)

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```

You can nest things inside their respective ordered list items, and you can add syntax highlights to help the reader understand visually.

zrok enable <your_account_token>
```
4. Share `http://localhost:8080`
```
zrok share public 8080
```
5. Visit the public URL displayed in your terminal

> ![zrok share public](images/zrok_share_public.png)

Reviewer: The ordered list "nesting" indentation will also work with images like this.

The zrok public share is accessible from anywhere!

zrok shares can be public or private, with different options for backend modes, including:

* [public shares](./concepts/sharing-public.mdx) for [web services](./concepts/http.md) or [files](./concepts/files.md)
* [private shares for web services or files](./concepts/sharing-private.mdx)

> * [tcpTunnels](./concepts/tunnels.md)

Reviewer: Suggest "TCP Tunnels" as link text because `tcpTunnels` resembles an explicit string that represents a valid backend mode.

> * [udpTunnels](./concepts/tunnels.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [UDP tunnels](./concepts/tunnels.md)
```

> * [drives](./guides/drives.mdx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [File Drives](./guides/drives.mdx)
```

> * [vpn](./guides/vpn/vpn.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [VPN](./guides/vpn/vpn.md)
```

## Enabling Your zrok Environment

> After you have [an account](https://myzrok.io/), you can enable your `zrok` environment.

Reviewer: It doesn't make sense to link to myzrok.io here. The purpose of the get-an-account section was to present the user with the essential choice between myzrok and self-hosting.

Author: Linked back to the top section with the two button options
